feat(container tagging): add OTel Resource Attributes for UST (#25478)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/tagging/unified_service_tagging.md

                fieldPath: metadata.labels['tags.datadoghq.com/version']
```

> You can also use the OpenTelemetry Resource Attributes environment variables to set the `env`, `service`, and `version` tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the OpenTelemetry Resource Attributes environment variables to set the `env`, `service`, and `version` tags:
```

```yaml
  containers:
  -  ...
     env:
         - name: OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES
           value: "service.name=<SERVICE>,service.version=<VERSION>,deployment.environment=<ENV>"
         - name: OTEL_SERVICE_NAME
           value: "<SERVICE>"
```

> Note that the `OTEL_SERVICE_NAME` environment variable takes precedence over the `service.name` attribute in the `OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Note</strong>: The <code>OTEL_SERVICE_NAME</code> environment variable takes precedence over the <code>service.name</code> attribute in the <code>OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES</code> environment variable.</div>
```
